Catalogs plugin results table (#2915)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/imviz/plugins.rst

    The table returned from the API above may cover more sources than shown in the currently zoomed-in
    portion of the image. Additional steps will be needed to filter out these points, if necessary.

> After a sesearch is perfomed, a table is populated on the right that contains the right ascension, declination, and the object ID of the found sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a search is performed, a table is populated on the right that contains the
right ascension, declination, and the object ID of the found sources. 
```

    The table returned from the API above may cover more sources than shown in the currently zoomed-in
    portion of the image. Additional steps will be needed to filter out these points, if necessary.

> After a search is performed, a table is populated on the right that contains the
> right ascension, declination, and the object ID of the found sources. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Performing a search populates a table that contains the
right ascension, declination, and the object ID of the found sources. 
```
I think this is a little less passive-voice. Also I wasn't clear what the table is on the right of (it seems like it's just at the bottom of the plugin) so I deleted that phrase.
